what's a fit a day of groups which means
that it is daily number five there is
there's by the way a small chance that
Team Liquid if everything goes right
could actually make it through this and
actually make it to Paris I don't know
if it's gonna happen but I told Roden to
film the whole thing because I feel like
this is the best way to tackle daily
number five ultimately though I gotta
say man I'm actually feeling pretty good
about this I think I think something's
telling me they can do it with the day
watching at the celebration on
teamliquid face they can't wait to shake
the flash wolves hands guys this
actually might happen teamliquid they
beat flash wolves which I don't and they
did it in a really really good way and
following that just now fnatic lost to
Evo's and like a complete kaboom
scenario so I actually all we need now
is Team Liquid to beat orangey and we
are through we're actually going to be
in Paris
[Music]
[Applause]
alright Team Liquid just lost to RNG
this is a very big bummer because it
looked like you would be able to just
get through if they just wanted to know
there's a tiebreaker between them and
fnatic so it all comes down to it a to
you and I'm sorry you but I'm definitely
hoping for an a on this one
[Music]
[Applause]
- damage typist house but I do still
think fnatic have had one over over
infinitely this has been the breakout
time for that
[Music]
gravity
I think it's gonna rain
[Music]
[Applause]